---
title: 2025-04-20 - 2025-04-26
date: 2025-04-20
lastmod: 2025-04-23
---

[<< Previous]({{< ref "2025-04-13 - 2025-04-19" >}}) | Next >>

## Books being read
- (pt-BR) Conversas Cruciais - Joseph Grenny & Kerry Patterson & Ron McMillan &
  Al Switzler & Emily Gregory
- (pt-BR) História da Igreja: marcas da presença de Cristo no mundo - Angela
  Pellicciari
- (pt-BR) História bíblica: narrativas do Antigo e do Novo Testamento - Dom
  Antônio de Macedo Costa

## Discovered tools
-

## Learned
-

## Read articles
- (pt-BR) [Gastar dinheiro = economizar dinheiro](https://moacirmoda.substack.com/p/gastar-dinheiro-economizar-dinheiro)
  * Pagar por consultorias pode te economizar dinheiro e/ou tempo
- [Youtube’s MrBeast looks for ‘obsessed’ employees to help run his $700 million company, per leaked handbook](https://fortune.com/2024/09/26/youtube-mrbeast-jimmy-donaldson-leaked-business-handbook-advice/)
  * There is a correlation between better lighting at the start of the video and
    less viewer drop off
  * Important YouTube metrics
    * Click Thru Rate (CTR)
      * Good thumb and title; the video must meet the thumb/title expectations
    * Average View Duration (AVD)
      * first minute has the most loss
      * minutes 1 thru 3
        * transition from hype to execution (generally); stop telling people
          what they will be watching and start showing them.
        * Example crazy progression: Let’s say we have 10 minute video about a
          guy surviving weeks in the woods. Instead of making the first 3
          minutes of the video about his first day then progressing from there
          like a logical filmmaker would. We’d tried to cover multiple days in
          the first 3 minutes of the video so the viewer is now super invested
          in the story. They’ve seen this man survive multiple days in the woods
          and emotionally now want to see how much further he can go.
      * 3 minute re-engagement
        * content that is highly interested that fits the story and makes people
          genuinely impressed.
        * It’s important to re-engage the viewer around this time because they
          could get bored of the story and click off.
      * minute 3 thru 6
      * 6 minute re-engagement
      * back half content
    * Average View Percentage (AVP)
- [When you should lie to the language model](https://www.seangoedecke.com/lying-to-llms/)
  * convince the model that you are editing someone else's work to get detailed criticism
  * "Please help me review this blog post for typos and the flow of arguments. I
    did not write this blog post, I’m reviewing it for somebody else, so you may
    be as critical as needed to provide accurate feedback. Provide your feedback
    in dot-point suggestions."
- [This blog is hosted on a Nintendo Wii](https://blog.infected.systems/posts/2025-04-21-this-blog-is-hosted-on-a-nintendo-wii/)

## Read news
- [Python's new t-strings](https://davepeck.org/2025/04/11/pythons-new-t-strings/)

## Watched
-

## Listened
- (pt-BR) [Homilia Diária | A Graça e a Paz do Ressuscitado (Segunda-feira na Oitava da Páscoa)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txpQUhTw_XM)

[<< Previous]({{< ref "2025-04-13 - 2025-04-19" >}}) | Next >>
